Master An proposes to a mysterious woman
This woman turned out to be Miss Wu
Ouch, isn't this the eldest young lady who settled down?
Seducing Master An to succeed
The means are really not simple
How about some people?
Even if the means are exhausted
Pan Dasheng didn't even look at him, oops
As long as you promise to be with me
I immediately ended my engagement with Shu Xin
Will you marry me?
It's over. It's over.
Here comes the trouble again
Tomorrow night at Paramount.
I'm going to have an engagement ceremony with Master An
Miss Ou will be invited to dress up at that time.
I will still miss you
Hey, a sparrow is a sparrow.
Even if you fly to the branches, you can't become a phoenix.
Humph
Hum explain to me
Dad, I won't go to Comfort
If you don't go to comfort, you will be caught out of the house
See if that dirty girl will still be with you
Thank you for your time.
Invite us to the first fox in Paramount now
Here's a song and dance for everyone
On this special day
Let's play a game to help the fun
I 100,000 buy Euler all night
Who grabbed my bouquet today?
So who is Miss Ou tonight?
Don't go too far.
Let go. You're hurting me
I will never marry you if I die
Run! Run!